The Joe Rogan experience.
Floyd defeated it too, but he's not the greatest boxer of all.
Times. Right? It's arguable. He is it's arguable. He is. Don't think so.
Listen, man. He is, he's my favorite. He's been hit hard,
maybe four times his whole career.
You stop and think about how many fights he fought against great elite.
Not just great defense, like the best defense of all time. Yeah. Yeah.
You're talking about a guy. Who's fought everybody. You fought everybody.
He fought Canello he fought PA maybe he didn't fight PA when he was in his prime
and maybe he fought canal when he was young and he made him cut extra weight.
He did some <laugh> some smart. But at the end of the day,
that's far beat a fighter though, right? That, yeah. At the end of the day,
the guy's 50, 50, well, 49 in con McGregor. Right? That's what he is.
That's what I say. 49 49 kinda. Yeah, because it's kind of weird record.
But it's kind weird. Somebody like sugar, Ray Robinson, you know,
sugar Ray Robinson different. Yeah. That that's, you know, different time,
different time. What's yeah. Yeah. He lost, uh,
he lost 15.
I think sugar Ray Robinson had somewhere in the neighborhood of 90 plus
victories before his first defeat though. What is like how many's his first.
Something? His first defeat was the, wasn't it to Jack Lama. Jake.
Lamma Jake LA may. How old was.
He? Was he out of his.
Prime? No, that might have been heed out. Defeat knocked.
Out, knocked out. He got knocked out.
No, LA I thought he got knocked. Billy con no.
Jack Lamma knocked him out. Jake it's Jake.
I don't think me and names is terrible. So it's like.
I think he, I think he beat him in a decision in the first fight.
And then Robinson beat the out of him in the second fight. No, no, no, really.
They fought six times. They fought six times and uh, Robinson won,
knocked him out. Robinson fought him, uh, beat him at the first, first time.
And I think in the rematch is when, uh, when, uh, Jake Lamada knocked him out,
knocked him out. I don't remember that. And then, and then in the sixth fight,
uh, he TKO Jake, uh, um,
but it was a standing TKO. Yeah. And he never, you know,
he never got knocked off of his feet. Right. And that, that, you know,
and he was, you know, talking to, well, you stopped me,
but you didn't never put down. Never put me down.
Yeah. That was a, that was the St Valentine's day Maco, right? Yeah. Yeah.
When he went through the ropes and he was he's like laying, just getting, yeah.
Just getting pound.
The ropes. Yeah. That guy had a ridiculous chin,
crazy eating shots like that from sugar Ray Robinson. Yeah.
But that wasn't that at middle weight too.
And Robinson really started off at 1 47.
Yeah. I think it was lighter. I think he started it even lighter. It was 40.
See a pull.
Up 44, his record sugar, Ray Robinson, his.
Sugar Ray Robinson boxing record his record's like 200 and almost 200 fights.
Crazy. That's crazy. Why can't we get 50? Something like that.
How could we can't get that many fights in MMA? Oh.
It's more than that. Well, in boxing, his 200 fight was,
well, I'll do that a hundred seventy three, nineteen six against Joey Archer.
Um, that's his 200th fight. Go, go back to his, uh,
first loss or go back to the Jake Lam fights. He gotta go way back, stop her.
Um, those are all win, win, win, win, win, win, win, Jake Lamona.
So he beat him at 36 and oh, and then he lost, uh, unanimous decision. Yeah,
that was right. Uh, 40. And then he beat him again, unanimous decision.
So he lost unanimous decision to Jake Lomano and then he beat everybody else up
into a jaw, a draw with Jose Bara Beso rather.
So he made it to 40, you know? Yeah. I thought it was a lot more than that.
So his 40, his 41st fight, he lost. That was his first lost.
And it was a decision that Jake Laman, I guess Floyd really is a goat.
I think he's the goat, you know, it's a different era.
Here's the thing it's like, you know, well,
you look at Mike to Tyson when he was in, I, we,
we just had this conversation yesterday on the podcast,
but I think Mike Tyson in his prime, when he knocked out Larry Holmes,
when he was, when he starched Mar Frazier,
like when he was just smashing everybody,
I think he had reached this level that you can only maintain for a certain
amount of years. Yeah. You know, whether, like,
I think the same thing you could say for Fedor when he was,
was in his prime when he was running things in pride. Yeah.
There's a level that you could reach that can only maintain for a certain amount
of years. And it's real hard because I think this is what I said yesterday.
I think if Muhammad Ali had been in the same era as Mike Tyson,
he would've been better because Mike Tyson was around you,
you get better dependent upon who's around you. And the,
when you war in an era, you're kind of defined by your competition.
Ali was defined by Joe Frazier and defined by Joe Foreman and,
and all the guys that he fought, Ken Norton,
all those guys that he fought in his era, but there's,
it's a different era Tyson. It's a different era. You're.
Also forgetting that he'd be, yeah. You know, Floyd, uh, uh, Floyd Patterson,
uh, you know, it's like before, you know,
like all the fights that he had before he, you know, came back, you know,
but those just weren't competitive. Right. You know, he was so fast,
he hit so hard, you know, beating Sonny Liston, you know, Sonny Liston,
you know, he was a murderer back then. Yeah. He's freaking killer. Yeah.
It's like he destroyed Floyd Patterson twice. Yeah. Twice in a round. Right.
He was, he couldn't, you couldn't, he couldn't get hit by him.
You just couldn't get hit by him. Yeah. Had giant hands, you know.
A guy that was close, close to the mafia, you know, he's like, and uh,
so he beat all those guys, you know, it's like, and yep. You know, it's like,
so maybe if he doesn't have that three years off, you know, maybe, maybe, yeah.
Maybe who knows, but he did knows, but he did.
And it's also, he was a different cultural figure. Right.
Because when you look at like his impact on society and civilization,
he stood for something, right. He was a guy who was like,
I'm not going to fighting this war. It doesn't make any sense.
They took his title away from him and the people loved him. Yeah. It was,
it's a different, well.
It different about 50% of the population hated him. Right.
And then 50% of the population loved him and thought he was the greatest thing
ever. Yeah. You know, it's like, I ain't going over there to fight any vehicle.
They didn't do anything to me. It's like, uh, you know, he's a very,
very interesting, you know, figure. And then you got somebody like, uh,
you know, Joe Frazier, you know, uh, you know, very, very good fighter,
you know,
won the Olympic gold medal was an alternate going into the Olympics and, and,
uh, and the alternate, you know, I forget what happened over there. Uh,
you know, he ended up not fighting. Joe fought, he won the Olympic gold medal.
They, they actually rematched, uh, as pros and then Joe stopped him. I,
I fourth or fifth round. Wow. Um, and, uh, you know, he was a beast, you know,
and then George Foreman, you know, it's like,
that's the guy that didn't ever put on a pair of gloves still. He was, I think,
19 years old. Right. That's crazy. You know, it's like 19 years old.
Think about that. There's just not that many guys that have, you know,
it's never put on a pair of gloves, Stella,
19 years old and then get to that level. Well, that's.
The Deontay Wilder story too, you know, is it yeah.
Deontay Wilder bought for a year and a half before he won a bronze medal in the
Olympics. Okay.
Uh, George Foreman, George Foreman won the gold medal in the seventies.
You know, when, when it's like, when it was even, I think harder, you know,
when the gold medal cuz because of the Cubans and the Russians, you know,
it's like they, they never went to pro and stuff like that. You had that right.
Um.
To Phillip Stevenson.
Um, and so it's like,
I think it was the 76 Olympics that he won the gold medal and he was like 24
fights as an amateur. That's all the fights. He had never lost that's nuts.
And it's like, you know, and just crazy. Uh.
He fought just 20 times as an amateur before traveling to Mexico city for the
19 88, 19 68 Olympic games. Amazing.
You know, and never lost. And then, so that like, think about that, you know,
this, guy's walking through guys like Joe Frazier and then he fights, uh,
older Muhammad Ali mm-hmm <affirmative> and, and you know, and then gets,
you know, knocked out in the eighth, you know, it's like crazy, you know,
he believed that he was invincible. You know, he, you know,
arguably the hardest hitter ever. Yeah. You know, it's like,
you know what would've happened to Mike Tyson.
We might not have known who Mike Tyson was if he would've been around in,
in those days, you know.
It's like, who knows or Mike Tyson would've smashed him. Yeah. You know,
you just don't know he was faster than everybody.
The thing about Mike Tyson as a, as a knockout fighter,
if you watch like the Mar Frazier fighter, I don't think.
Faster. The Muhammad Ali though, I don't think.
He was faster. Um.
Mo feet were so fast. Cause you, you faster than you gotta think back to,
you know, when he fought Sonny list, when he fought Floyd, pat,
you gotta think of how his feet were then.
But the three years afterwards, I think he was faster than I, when,
when he fought, like when he came back.
You think that Mike Tyson was faster than that version of yeah.
I agree with that. Yeah. I agree with that.
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Ali was a different animal.
No one had been around before him. There was a heavyweight,
they moved like that. They didn't exist. Well, Andy.
Probably the best chin ever.
An amazing chin. He wasn't that heavy for a heavyweight though.
Right? No, no. He fought, he, he, he, the Olympic gold medal he won was cruiser,
right? Wasn't yeah. He didn't fight at heavyweight. Um, yeah. Um,
he moved up to heavy for when he turned pro.
Who was the English guy that knocked him down and they cut his George, uh,
George. No, um, yeah. George, was it George? Yeah,
it was.
George English guy, George. Um.
I'm trying to remember.
He was a British gentleman who had a really good love hook.
And he caught him with a left hook and robbed him and had him in all kinds of
trouble. And uh, then they, they, there was a tear, his glove tear on his glove.
George starts with an H if I remember right. He tore his glove.
Why they tear his glove? Well, he had a small little rip and, and his corner,
you know, what's his trainer's name to the glove a little bit.
And they tried to find a player of gloves and it halted the action of the fight
for about five minutes.
And it gave Muhammad Ali the time to clear his head and then they resumed the
fight. They never found another player of gloves to put on,
on him in the middle of the round. Think about this, this like,
wasn't it Henry something. Yeah. Henry Henry. They cornering.
Henry Cooper. There it is. There it is. It's good. Cornering. Yeah, it was good.
Cornering. And, and it's like,
and then he went out there and he stopped him on Angela cuts. Yeah. Yeah.
He stopped him on cuts. And I don't remember if it was the next round or the,
the following round. Yeah. You know, but he, he cut really, really easy.
They said they had, uh, his skin. He'd just get bumped. See if you could find.
That when Henry Cooper drops him, cuz it's crazy.
He heard him he's but he's like, he, he looks dead,
his hits and he pops back up, you know, it's like,
but it's like when Joe Frazier, when Joe Frazier dropped him, you know,
it's like his hit and, and he pops right back up. He's crazy. Looks.
Dead. His Jim was incredible catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.